Company: Wego
Role: Wego – Product Analyst Intern
Source: https://www.internsg.com/job/wego-product-analyst-intern-4/

Skip to content
Home
For JobSeekers
For Employers
Latest Internships / Jobs
Community
About Us
HomeJobs ListingJob ID: 245330
Wego – Product Analyst Intern
Company
Wego
wego.com
Designation
Product Analyst Intern
Date Listed
19 Jun 2024
Job Type
Entry Level / Junior Executive
Free/ProjPart/TempIntern/TS
Job Period
Flexible Start, For At Least 4 Months
Profession
IT / Information Technology
Industry
Computer and IT
Location Name
Harbourfront Place, Wego Pte Ltd (Singapore), Singapore
Address
1, #18-04 Harbourfront Pl, HarbourFront Tower One, Singapore 098633
Allowance / Remuneration
$1,000 - 1,200 monthly
Discover more
Office supplies stationery
Social media marketing
Tourist Destinations
Company Profile
Wego is the most popular travel search engine in the Middle East and among the leading players in online travel in Southeast Asia.  Dual-headquartered in Singapore and Dubai, Wego receives over half a million travel search requests per day through its website and iOS and Android mobile apps. Wego’s mobile apps are highly-ranked in every one of our core markets and we were among the first to implement Google’s AMP & PWA web technologies in early 2017.  Our commitment to great user experiences has received mentions at Apple’s and Google’s main developer conferences in each of the past few years.
At the same time, we are a friendly, geeky bunch, originating from more than twenty different countries, over five continents. We get extremely excited about new technologies and innovation, and work hard to incorporate the latest and greatest to improve our product at every turn. If you love to max out your brain space with techy acronyms in an energetic and pioneering atmosphere, then we think you'll fit right in. Great pool skills are definitely an advantage!
Apart from being geeks we're also avid travellers. Wego was created to help make travel plans online as simple and easy as possible, and we regularly take advantage of our location within Southeast Asia, and the largest low-cost airline networks in the world, to explore Indonesia, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines and more just a short flight away.
Job Description
As a product analyst intern at Wego, you will work closely with Product Managers and help conduct a range of data-driven analysis including customer research, competitive analysis, gap analysis, feature comparison, market analysis, technology analysis, among others. Reports will drive decision-making for our product roadmap. You will have access to company-wide statistics, follow developments in the travel sector and utilise various tools and information services to work with data. Specifically, you will have a chance to learn and work with some of the best datasets & tools for business analysis including AppAnnie and Similarweb for competitive analysis; Google Analytics, Appsflyer and Apsalar for internal analytics; BigQuery, Tableau and Looker for data collection and visualisations among others.
This is a key learning opportunity in shaping how our products respond to user behaviour, and in shaping both the tactical and strategic decisions made. The role requires someone with strong logic skills, with the ability to see a problem from multiple angles a key competency.
If you love creating products from insights, connecting the dots and discovering trends to see the real story behind numbers, all the while working in a casual start-up atmosphere, we would like to invite you to join our product team.
Preferred Job Skills: while none of the skills below are strictly required and you will certainly have a chance to expand your expertise in all of them, a pre-existing familiarity with any of the below is preferred:
• Product strategy: Critically analyse products in various markets, competition, opportunities
• Product analytics: Analyze funnel conversion, A/B test performance, and product features rollouts performance. Exploring data to find actionable insights and make product recommendations through funnels, cohort analyses, long-term trends, user segmentation, regression models, and more
• Data analytic skills: strong command of SQL/Excel/Google Sheets; natural inclination to analyse and structure information; strong presentation skills in Google Slides; Tableau or other data visualisation tools. Understanding of statistical analysis, regression models, experiment design, and common pitfalls of data analysis. Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile data conflicts, and summarize complicated analysis in a clear way that informs product decisions.
• Ownership: Document the projects development requirements and follow up the projects progress continuously to tracking the outcomes post launch
• Technical skills: SQL for data extraction; any macros and/or scripting languages such as Python;
• Strong grasp of commercial concepts: familiarity with e-commerce/m-commerce metrics & analytics, customer segmentation.
• Communication skills: strong communication skills for day-to-day work with executives; good business writing & presentation skills; being proactive and self-organised.
Role is suitable for university students.
This position is already closed and no longer available.  You may like to view the other latest internships here.
Related Job Searches:
Company:
Designation:
Profession:
Industry:
Location:
Bukit Merah
Discuss this Job:
You can discuss this job on Clublance.com #career-jobs channel, or chat with other community members for free:
Share This Page
← Previous Job Listing
Next Job Listing →
Resume builder
Laptop computer accessories
Interview preparation
Resume writing services
Productivity software tools
Travel Guides & Travelogues
Career counseling services
InternSG premium
Find our latest list of curated internships on:
Facebook, Twitter, or Telegram!
Facebook
Twitter
Telegram
Connect with peers and learn more about opportunities on:
Clublance - Singapore's Interns, Freelancers & Entrepreneurs Community
Traineeship programs
Jobseeker FAQs
communications
Health
Networking event tickets
Professional headshot photography
Mentorship program access
Business attire clothing
Related Posts:
13 Mar
Horizon Labs - Product Analyst Intern
09 Mar
New Balance Singapore Pte Ltd - Marketing and Product Merchandising Intern
Horizon Labs - Product Marketing Intern
Horizon Labs - AI Product Management Intern
Allied Container Group - Product Designer Intern
18 Mar
BW LPG Product Services Pte Ltd - Commercial Desk Intern
23 Mar
Mandai X - Product Intern (Summer Break)
26 Mar
EPOS Pte Ltd - AI Product Manager Intern
27 Mar
Snaphunt Pte Ltd - Technical Product Manager
FlocCare Pte Ltd - Product Growth Intern
Copyright © 2026 INTERNSG | Terms and Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy